feat: add more content to `system information` page (#7934)
jenkins-infra/jenkins.io: content/doc/book/managing/system-info.adoc

The *Manage Jenkins >> System Information* page provides detailed information
about what is available on this Jenkins controller:

image::managing/system-info-page.png["System Information page", width=800]

== System properties

The *System Properties* section lists system properties that can be used as arguments to the command line used to start Jenkins.

image::managing/system-properties.png["System properties", width=800]

== Environment variables

> The *Environment Variables* section displays environment variables recognized on your system, along with current values.
> This includes the environment variables defined by Jenkins
> and available on all systems
> as well as environment variables associated with plugins installed on this controller.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The *Environment Variables* section displays environment variables recognized on your system with their current values.
This includes the environment variables defined by Jenkins that are available on all systems, as well as environment variables associated with plugins installed on this controller.
```
Small suggestion to adjust syntax here.

== Environment variables

*Environment Variables* recognized on this system,  with current values.
This includes the environment variables defined by Jenkins
and available on all systems
as well as environment variables associated with plugins installed on this controller.

image::managing/environment-variables.png["Environment variables", width=600]

== Installed plugins

Provides a comprehensive list of all installed plugins, including their names, versions, and other relevant details.

image::managing/system-plugins.png["Plugins", width=600]

== Memory usage

This section presents a graphical representation of the controller's memory usage, categorized into three timespans for better analysis:

- **Short-term**: Covers memory usage over the last few seconds/minutes for real-time monitoring.

image::managing/memory-usage-short.png["Memory usage short", width=600]

- **Medium-term**: Displays memory trends over the past hour/minutes, useful for detecting gradual memory leaks.

image::managing/memory-usage-medium.png["Memory usage medium", width=600]

- **Long-term**: Illustrates extended memory usage patterns over a day or month to identify recurring issues.

> image::managing/memory-usage-long.png["Memory usage long", width=600]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::managing/memory-usage-long.png["Memory usage long", width=800]
```
Same as other screenshots, try 800 to make images more visible.

> This breakdown allows administrators to monitor memory trends, detect unusual spikes, and optimize resource allocation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
Remove this line here and include it in the Long definition/explanation.

== Thread dump

> The **Thread Dump** section captures a real-time snapshot of all active threads running in the Jenkins controller’s JVM. This is essential for diagnosing performance issues, deadlocks, or excessive CPU utilization. Each thread entry includes:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Thread Dump** section provides a link to a page that captures a real-time snapshot of all active threads running in the Jenkins controller’s JVM. This is essential for diagnosing performance issues, deadlocks, or excessive CPU utilization. Each thread entry includes:
```
Suggestion to provide more clarity that the section provides a link to the page with this information.
Additionally, the first screenshot does not need to include the entire page in Jenkins, it can be more focused to the Thread Dump section being described.

- **Name**: Thread identifier.
- **ID**: Unique thread ID.
- **State**: Current execution state (e.g., RUNNABLE, TIMED_WAITING, BLOCKED).

> - **Stack Trace**: The call sequence leading to the current state.

Reviewer: Because these are not labeled in the UI, it is helpful to provide these as you have done here. However, I would suggest that in addition to the screenshot, provide an example thread dump (in a code block) that can be annotated with this information accordingly.

> image::managing/thread-dump-page.png["Thread dump page", width=600]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::managing/thread-dump-page.png["Thread dump page", width=600]
```
This screenshot should be replaced with something more focused since most of the page is empty compared to the other sections.

> image::managing/thread-dump.png["Thread dump", width=600]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::managing/thread-dump.png["Thread dump", width=800]
```
Same as other screenshots, try 800 to make it more clear/readable.

== Plugins

The *Plugins* section provides a comprehensive list of all installed plugins, including their names, versions, and other relevant details.

image::managing/system-plugins.png["Plugins", width=800]

== Memory usage

The *Memory Usage* section provides a graphical representation of the controller's memory usage, categorized into three timespans for better analysis:

- **Short**: The short timespan covers memory usage over the last few minutes, broken down by seconds, for real-time monitoring.

image::managing/memory-usage-short.png["Memory usage short", width=800]

- **Medium**: The medium timespan displays memory trends over the past hour, broken down by minutes, which is useful for detecting gradual memory leaks.

image::managing/memory-usage-medium.png["Memory usage medium", width=800]

- **Long**: The long timespan illustrates extended memory usage patterns over a day or month to identify recurring issues.
This breakdown allows administrators to monitor memory trends, detect unusual spikes, and optimize resource allocation.

image::managing/memory-usage-long.png["Memory usage long", width=800]

== Thread dump

> The **Thread Dump** section provides a link to a page that captures a real-time snapshot of all active threads running in the Jenkins controller’s JVM. This is essential for diagnosing performance issues, deadlocks, or excessive CPU utilization. Each thread entry includes:
> 
> - **Name**: Thread identifier.
> - **ID**: Unique thread ID.
> - **State**: Current execution state (e.g., RUNNABLE, TIMED_WAITING, BLOCKED).
> - **Stack Trace**: The call sequence leading to the current state.
> 
> Here’s an example of a thread dump entry:
> 
> [source,bash]
> ----
> "Common-Cleaner" Id=13 Group=InnocuousThreadGroup TIMED_WAITING
> 	at java.base@17.0.14/java.lang.Object.wait(Native Method)
> 	-  waiting on java.lang.ref.ReferenceQueue$Lock@3f56d014
> 	at java.base@17.0.14/java.lang.ref.ReferenceQueue.remove(Unknown Source)
> 	at java.base@17.0.14/jdk.internal.ref.CleanerImpl.run(Unknown Source)
> 	at java.base@17.0.14/java.lang.Thread.run(Unknown Source)
> 	at java.base@17.0.14/jdk.internal.misc.InnocuousThread.run(Unknown Source)
> ----
> 
> image::managing/thread-dump.png["Thread dump", width=800]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **Thread Dump** section provides a link to a page that captures a real-time snapshot of all active threads running in the Jenkins controller’s JVM. This is essential for diagnosing performance issues, deadlocks, or excessive CPU utilization.

image::managing/thread-dump.png["Thread dump", width=800]

Each thread entry includes:

. **Name**: The thread identifier.
. **ID**: The unique thread ID.
. **State**: The current execution state (RUNNABLE, TIMED_WAITING, BLOCKED).
. **Stack Trace**: The call sequence leading to the current state.
```
I have suggested an alternate formatting for this section, and including an updated version of the image with annotations included (these annotations will correlate to the numbered items in this list)

![thread-dump](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/cc605c10-2f1a-46c2-80c4-8eb0625d5be6)
